Say him out to rodders Let's have a look at the logging levels show logging on Rodda 1.
There's the command console logging by default is enabled the level these debugging other places where
you can log on the monitor.
That's typically when you telnet to a device buffer at the moment the buffer logging is disabled
trap logging which is used with the log server is set to the informational level.
So I noticed console these debugging level that's level 7 trap logging is set by default on this router
to informational which is Level 6.
So write it to show logging or show logging rather.
Now this Shradha hasn't been changed.
This is the defaults.
So consulate's level 7 monitor is level 7 buffer is disabled and trap.
In other words sending to a slug is set to informational.
So let's see what happens when we make some changes on the rods.
I'll configure an IP address on each Rodda so no shut the interface.
Notice what happens when not type when the interface comes up.
In this case the text is Rijk copied.
But on most routers by default it will not be recopied.
The reason it's done here is because I'm running the Shradha within ingenius 3 and
and by default on this Jinnah's 3 Rodda this command logging synchronous was typed on the console.
So if I type do show run and have a look at the console of this Rodda what you'll notice is that logging
synchronous has been enabled which means when I'm typing a command I'm not interrupted and I'll just
demonstrate that again if I type interface loop back at 0 and then start tapping the IP address.
Notice the command is retyped.
On the console However if I go to the console of this router and type no logging synchronous and then
type interface loop back to zero and start typing noticed my text is not recopied it's stuck up there.
So I need to press tab as an example to see what I was typing so generally you're going to want to type
logging synchronous on your console so that your text is recopied.
I'll enable OSPF on these routers.
Areas zero
just to make it simple all enable OSPF on all interfaces.
Just before I enable that.
On the other router I'm going to enable P.F. adjacencies.
And he'd enter on the right hand side Rodda
noticed on the left hand side Rodda I'm getting a lot of output on the interface because I've enabled
debugging on Rodek T.
I'm not getting any output because I haven't enabled debugging
so it when I'm seeing a lot of information.
So show
IPO is OSPF neighbors an example shows me my neighbor relationship on Broadway too.
I just got a Level 5 notification saying that the neighbor relationship came up so Level 5 is a notice
which is normal but significant conditions.
So I was informed that a neighbor relationship came up but nothing else was displayed whereas on Radio
1 because I unable to always P.F. adjacency debugging I'm seeing a lot of output on the console of this
Rodda.
And the reason it displays on the console is that I have a debugging level of logging on the console.
So when you enable debugging you see the output as do the test again.
So on the interface all shut fast Ethan it is 0 0 on Rodda 2.
So I see logging information that the adjacency went down.
Level 5 interface went down.
Level five message line protocol has gone down.
Level five.
Message when I know shut the interface again.
Notice I see a lot of output on Radu one.
And once again that's because I am labeled debugging so if on top showed debug you can see that I was
adjacency debugging has been enabled and the level of logging is set at level 7.
If I however changed logging on the console to level 3 level series error conditions as an example what
would happen now.
When I do the same test so shut to the interface on Rodda to oh no shut it on Broadway one show de-bug.
I'm still running the OSPF debugging.
But notice I'm not seeing debug messages on the console.
Show IP OSPF neighbor shows me that my neighbor relationship has come up and I can see that on rodded
to which she's still using
Level 7 debugging on the console.
But I don't see that on Rotto one because I've changed the debugging to level 3.
In other words errors I could once again change that to level 7.
And let's use a word.
So debugging one last test shut the interface relationship is torn down.
Bring the interface up again.
And notice once again I see the debugging on Rotto one because I've changed to the logging level to
level 7.